# MIB-Processing
Powershell module for processing, analyzing and transforming SNMP MIB files

!! Not having finished some formalities so it's not really a module, you need to load it manually using file name

To get it work do those:

Import-Module .\MIB-Processing.psm1

List of functions:
## ConvertTo-SMIv1

**Synopsis:** Convert MIB Objects (powershell objects) to SMIv1 (mainly NOTIFYCATION-TYPE to TRAP-TYPE).

**Description:** Convert MIB Objects (powershell objects) to SMIv1 (mainly NOTIFYCATION-TYPE to TRAP-TYPE).
Even though it converts almost whole MIB (Objects, Notifications/Traps) it doesn't convert whole file.
Hence you need to use original file and replace the Object definitions.

## ConvertTo-SMIv2

**Synopsis:** Convert MIB Objects (powershell objects) to SMIv2 (mainly TRAP-TYPE to NOTIFYCATION-TYPE).

**Description:** Convert MIB Objects (powershell objects) to SMIv2 (mainly TRAP-TYPE to NOTIFYCATION-TYPE).
Even though it converts almost whole MIB (Objects, Notifications/Traps) it doesn't convert whole file.
Hence you need to use original file and replace the Object definitions.

## ConvertTo-Snmptrap

**Synopsis:** Convert TRAP-TYPE or NOTIFYCATION-TYPE MIB Objects to snmptrap commands, which can be used for testing.

**Description:** Convert TRAP-TYPE or NOTIFYCATION-TYPE MIB Objects, generated by Improt-MIB to snmptrap commands, which can be used for testing.
Use -OIDrepo to get resolved objects/varaibles and -OIDs to generate command with OID numbers rather the names.
Using OIDs rather the names let you use the command on device where MIB(s) not loaded

## Get-MIBBackwardsCompatiblity

**Synopsis:** Check if two MIBs, newer and older are bacwards compatible, return True if they are.

**Description:** Check if two MIBs, newer and older, are backwards compatible, return True if they are and false if not.
As there is no official criteria for compatibility it pretty much depends on the tool and purpose.
Hence below in parametrs we define the Compatibility level.

## Get-MIBInfo

**Synopsis:** Get the MIB file basic Info.

**Description:** Get basic Info from MIB File like, Module name, last updated and revision, description etc.
It also includes hash of file to let you find duplicits.

## Get-Tokens

**Synopsis:**
Get-Tokens [[-linesWithoutComments] <Object>]


**Description:**

## Import-MIB

**Synopsis:** Transform MIB file into objects.

**Description:** Transform MIB file into objects.

## Is-Full-OID

**Synopsis:**
Is-Full-OID [[-OID] <Object>]


**Description:**

## Parse-MIB

**Synopsis:**
Parse-MIB [[-tokens] <Object>]


**Description:**

## Remove-Comments

**Synopsis:**
Remove-Comments [[-lines] <Object>]


**Description:**

## Update-OIDRepo

**Synopsis:**
Update-OIDRepo [[-new_mib] <Object>] [[-OIDrepo] <Object>]


**Description:**
